Grade this lecture we want to look at his six ways to maximize the links from your SEO campaign.
So these are really six strategies that are going to help you get the most amount of links possible
from your content campaigns.
This is something you can do in the lead up to just after you release your piece of content whether
that be the SlideShare guy's posts and or whatever and for graphic cetra So that's the first one and
that's to contact those that are revealing continues so you can use the openside Explorer to Hamas or
AAA crafts or Majestie guess you know tools and pull a list of from your own side of the people already
linking to you then you get informed and this you have this great new piece of content and there are
already Linked-In.
There's a really high probability that they're going to link to you again.
Secondly you want to contact your influencers so you've already engaged them with the ego based.
Now is an opportunity for you to put a piece of content in there and help them support you and shared
and otherwise endorse you.
So the next way then is to really reach out to your target so as is your potential customers you can
get to know that you've made this great resource.
It should be useful to them if you're trying to make it useful to your audience so you can Latinized
tarnished you know maybe at the start in social media and then escalate to email if you need to.
OK so the fourth way to get more links from your SEO campaigns is leverage your mailing.
So this is just really how using your mailing list that you've been collecting as subscribers and inform
them that you've got some new content and include an embedded code for them if they want to.
So it's easy for them to link to their users.
OK.
Fifthly the conversations have had back into the forums and blogs the message boards quite Q&A sites
and you know contextually and in that conversation I link back to your content when it makes sense when
it looks natural.
And that's the food thoise to the six way then to find unlinked mentions so you can go back to the two
sumo you can go to another website will mention doneness identify where across the web people have mentioned
your brand name and it could be in relation to this specific campaign Rickerby in general and you can
let them know hey you know I'm really happy that you link to me and but I noticed that you didn't have
a link to the actual site and in order for your easier read readers to easily find you know my site
.
I think it would be great if you could just include the link there so that six very simple but powerful
ways in order to get more links for your SEO campaigns and for your site in general.
So and I really hope that you enjoy them and then adding these is really going to help you which as
you well